# LP Cylinder (LPC) MES version 1 Business Rules

## Purpose of this document

This document defines the business rules that were present in MES version 1.  

## Sales Order Status
1. New - A new order that is only saved in the new status if there was additional information that the order entry person needed to get from the sales person, otherwise the order is set to Ready for Pickup if LPC needs to schedule a trailer to go picup the tanks from the customer.  If it's a customer drop off order, then it should move to Pickup Scheduled, which is the status that the Receiving folks review to receive orders into the Plants.
1. Ready for Pickup - An order that is ready for LTC Logistics (sister company) to schedule a trailer to go pick up the tanks.
1. Pickup Scheduled - Once a pickup is scheduled, then we're just waiting for the trailer to arrive at LPC.  Customer drop off orders also move to this status so that they can be received into the plant.
1. Received - Identifies orders that have been received at the plant and are ready to be refurrbed or scheduled to be refurrbed.  This is the status the production team reviews to know which orders can be scheduled and completed.  Once complete a member of the production team enters in any scrap and if needed the tank serial numbers and then flags the order as Ready to Ship.  If the customer is picking up the order then it moves directly to Ready to Invoice.
1. Ready to Ship - An order that is ready for LTC Logistics (sister company) to schedule a trailer to deliver the refurrbed tanks to the customer.
1. Ready to Invoice - After the order is scheduled, then it's moved to this status for the office people to produce the invoice to the customer.  Once the invoice is produced the order is closed.

## Security Roles
1. Admin - The administrator(s), which are really just members of the IT team.
1. Setup - User's who have the ability to define some of the parameters of the MES, such as the master item list and item pricing.
1. Office - User's who have access to enter orders and also Invoice orders.
1. Transportation - User's who are member's of LTC Logistics and are responsible for scheduling pickup and shippments.
1. Production - User's who are on the production team that have the ability to mark an order complete.
1. Receiving - User's who are on the receiving team that have the ability to receive an order and also reconcile the order to what was actually sent to the Plants.

## Order Entry - Header
- OE1: Sales order number is autogenerated by a incrementing number
- OE2: The Site (or Plant) field is required.  There are 2 physical addresses but the LPC team considers it as 3 Plants because at one of the plants they track ASME tanks that they purchase from QSC (Quality Steel Corporation)
- OE3: Customer is required.
- OE4: Each order has a Bill To Address, Pick Up Address, and Ship To Address which are all required.  Many of the LPC customers are owned by larger company, so many times the Bill To is the corporate parent.  The Pick up address and Ship to address can be different, especially for the larger customers where LPC might pick up tanks for refurb from one location and then after refurb deliver those to a different location.  For customer's who drop off tanks, the Pick up address might say drop off and for customer's who pickup their own tanks from the plant, the Ship to might say Pickup.
- OE5: Pick up Via and Ship Via are both required fields.  Current values are: FedEx Ground (this is mostly for sending domes or other smaller items to the customer), LT Logistics (the sister transporation company), Pick Up, R&L Carriers, and TA Dedicated.
- OE6: Return Scrap and Return Brass are flags for LPC to know if the customer wants their scrapped tanks back and/or if they want their scrapped brass back.  This should default based on the customer record.
- OE7: TrailerNo and Priority are not editable for a new order
- OE15: Currently an order can be deleted 
- OE16: An order can be saved at the New Status, in case an order is only partially entered or we're waiting for additional information.
- OE17. An order can be moved to status Ready for Pickup.

## Order Entry - Lines
- OE8: Line # of the order is automatically calculated as a incrementing number for the order.  It starts at 1 and increments for each line.
- OE9: Quantity Ordered is required.
- OE10: Item number from the master item list is required.  After selecting an Item, the default price is established based on the selected Item and the Customer.  If the customer has specific pricing for the item, then that price is used, otherwise the default price is used.
- OE11: Each line also has a plant in case one order might need to goto different plants.
- OE12: Quantiy Received should be read-only for a new order.
- OE13: Tank Color and Dome Color default based on the customer for the order.
- OE14: The following fields default based on the customer: Need Collars, Need Fillers, Need Footrings, Need Decals, Valve Type, and Gauges

## Receiving
- R1: 